the United States Army Corps of
Engineers is responsible for the
operation and maintenance for the LA
River channel here and as you can see
around us here graffiti is a real
problem specifically today we're here to
recognize the Sheriff's Office for
assisting us in prosecution the specific
tag that we're after today is one of the
the largest in the United States it's
approximately 2,000 feet long and about
60 feet high and we're going to there's
stimulus monies that are have been
allocated and we've led a contract to
actually cover the 50 52 miles of LA
River channel and today actually after
this awards ceremony or presentation
ceremony were actually going to cover
this the largest largest tag of MTA
which is stands for Metro Transit
assassins the Sheriff's Office is
involved in the prosecution of the
individuals that they have identified as
being the ones that this tag up and so
that's what we're here today to do and
and you know it costs us a lot
throughout the city takedown for feeding
each and every year we spend over 10
million dollars and we've got it two
more we not only need more resources we
better meet better coordinate between
and amongst different agencies to make
this possible
this is one step of many
to make sure that we take down every
conquer the allele ever go down really
amazing to me what this means is that
this is the first incremental
gesture
the federal government is paying
attention is now listening before we
were kind of like shooting in the dark
and hoping someone would listen so we'll
see the sign it says office we need
resources in federal government now
someone has responded oh this is like
the little hope you go up into a bigger
Bank Lee Ben
definitely satisfy the hunger
we have to make this area change on
purpose ever generate thousands of
dollars
new jobs
if we lock
I'm nurturer
all the good things it can be hard to
deal with this global climate change
you